c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\thicuoiky.exe.config
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\thicuoiky.exe
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\thicuoiky.pdb
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmChinh.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmDangNhap.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.exe
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.pdb
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmLoai.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmquanlyhang.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\thicuoiky\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmTraCuu.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmDoanhthu.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmbanhang.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmnhanvien.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmoption.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmDangnhapNv.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmTracuukh.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmquanlykh.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmqlnv.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\ThiCuoiKy\thicuoiky\obj\Debug\thicuoiky.frmDoiMk.resources
